Capstone Step 2 
Project Proposal 
We have broken down the Capstone Project into easy-to-follow steps. Let’s dive into Step two of your Capstone Project. Step Two is all about fleshing out your project idea. For this step, please write a proposal based on the project idea you agreed on with your mentor.
Please note that you will need approval from your Mentor to move on to the next step.
Project Instructions:


For this step, you'll write a proposal for the site you want to build. This will help your mentor better understand your chosen capstone project idea. 


This proposal should be a 1-2 page document that answers the following questions:
1.  What tech stack will you use for your final project? We recommend that you use React and Node for this project, however if you are extremely interested in becoming a Python developer you are welcome to use Python/Flask for this project.
2.  Is the front-end UI or the back-end going to be the focus of your project? Or are you going to make an evenly focused full-stack application?
3. Will this be a website? A mobile app? Something else? 
4. What goal will your project be designed to achieve?
5.  What kind of users will visit your app? In other words, what is the demographic of your users?
6. What data do you plan on using? How are you planning on collecting your data? You may have not picked your actual API yet, which is fine, just outline what kind of data you would like it to contain. You are welcome to create your own API and populate it with data. If you are using a Python/Flask stack are required to create your own API.




In brief, outline your approach to creating your project (knowing that you may not know everything in advance and that these details might change later). 
Answer questions like the ones below, but feel free to add more information
* What does your database schema look like?
* What kinds of issues might you run into with your API? This is especially important if you are creating your own API, web scraping produces notoriously messy data.
* Is there any sensitive information you need to secure?
* What functionality will your app include?
* What will the user flow look like?
* What features make your site more than a CRUD app? What are your stretch goals? 




Here is the template to get started.


Project Proposal
Use this template to help get you started right away! 
Get Started


	Description
This will be a web application that allows users for TV shows to like them and leave comments. Users also can delete the comments. This application will use a free API to fetch TV shows data and will incorporate CRUD functionalities.
	Fill in
	Stack Focus
	Is the front-end UI or the back-end going to be the focus of your project? Or are you going to make an evenly focused full-stack application?


It will be a full-stack application using Python with Flask for backend and HTML/CSS/JavaScript (simple) as the frontend.
	

	Type
	Will this be a website? A mobile app? Something else?


This will be a website.
	

	Goal
	What goal will your project be designed to achieve?


Is to create an engaging platform where users can discover new TV shows, express their preferences through likes, and share their opinions with comments.
	

	Users
	What kind of users will visit your app? In other words, what is the demographic of your users?


The demographic includes individuals who frequently watch TV shows and are active in online entertainment communities.
	

	Data
	What data do you plan on using? How are you planning on collecting your data? You may have not picked your actual API yet, which is fine, just outline what kind of data you would like it to contain. You are welcome to create your own API and populate it with data. 




In this app I will be using the TVMaze API to fetch data about TV shows, including their names, genres, and summaries. The data will be displayed to users who can interact by liking and leaving comments.
	

	



Once you’ve added your proposal, please submit a link to your GitHub repository for your mentor to review. You may have to iterate on this submission several times before it is approved




PAUSE: You will need a mentor's approval before moving on to the next step